I explained my purpose of writing this autobiog briefly in the introduction section. Here I again want to make this clear that people write their biographies for the world to get them published in local or internation market, to achieve fame among the masses. This one day might become a source of income for them. As,
	Anyone who puts his effort into anything must demand something in return.
But there are some things which are always unconditional in a sense. Some things just require attention, purity and sincerity. I wanted to own something in my life like this. 

As you read this text, you will come to know how I got changed after passing through a series of astray paths In Shaa Allah. During this change, I wanted to dedicate something to the reason of that change. 
Then, I decided to write a memoir or something like that for that reason. A living memoir. And I know you know what the reason for that change is. 
This autobiography revolves around that decision I made. It might not be that much worthy in this materialistic world. But still, it is my effort, time, dedication and priority.
My purpose of writing this is to leave a memory after me that could remind you of me. I might not get that place (thinking in this present time while writing) in your life. But still I would love it 
                 if this text reached you and you get just a bit of the glimpse of the memories we                        shared together. And while reading this text, you get your eyes wet and heavy. You feel something irreplaceable and special about me. You get that purity inside you that I have. You think just a little about me. Not that much that you get tense. Only a little bit, Gappu. Your comfort was my priority always. My purpose will be fulfilled if you again get that comfort while reading this, if you give me just a little place in your beautiful heart, if you just remember me one more time. 
Let me move forward without wasting your time. I know you were very curious at the time when you came to know that I was writing something like this. And I believe and trust that you knew that this would be you-centric in nature revolving around you after all.
Again, my main purpose is just to leave a memory of us for you. If I get die first, I will make sure that it reaches you if I am not close to you that much. But if I am, then I will hand this over to you to end it, only in case I die first. But if vice versa happens, then this text will reach its end, and I don’t know what will happen to it after that and I cannot say a word about it now. Probably, I cannot think of that time. Happy Reading Gappu…
